---
layout: page
title: Dr. (Hannah) Aura Shoval
sitemap: false
cover: true
---

# Brief Bio

Dr. (Hannah) Aura Shoval is the chief of pediatric rehabilitation
medicine at Atlantic Health System, and a board member of the Atlantic
Accountable Care Organization. She is a clinical associate professor
at Rutgers/ New Jersey Medical School. She is currently obtaining her
MBA from Rutgers, with concentrations in both finance and strategy.

Dr. Shoval is a transformational leader with a proven track record of
leading cross-functional teams and creating innovative solutions by
utilizing clinical informatics to create data-driven, financially
informed strategies. Dr. Shoval is known for inspiring others with a
clear vision, fostering inclusive cultures of purpose, and leveraging
emerging technologies to craft innovative and impactful solutions. She
is currently seeking further certification in clinical informatics.

Academically, Dr. Shoval has published book chapters and online
medical resources, includingMedlink, 12 peer-reviewed manuscripts, and
30 abstracts on her research. Her research was cited as one of the top
10 research articles in her field in 2019, and she has been invited to
lecture nationally and internationally on her work. She serves on the
national research committee of the American Academy of Cerebral Palsy
and Developmental Medicine (AACPDM), helping to review grant
applications and promote research quality.

Clinically, she specializes in cerebral palsy, spasticity management,
and walking difficulties. She is the medical director of several
multidisciplinary clinics, where she leads a dedicated team of
physicians, nurses, therapists, and other support team members.

Her volunteer work addresses food insecurities, poverty, and health
equity. She is the health equity medical advisor for Rutgers Institute
of Corporate Social Innovation and is currently working on the “REACH”
initiative that was granted $225K to help improve food security,
nutrition, and maternal health in Newark, NJ.

In her spare time, she enjoys doing gymnastics with her children and
competing in ballroom dance competitions.

**Board Certifications**: She is quadruple board certified in Physical
Medicine & Rehabilitation, Pediatric Rehabilitation Medicine, 
Traumatic Brain Injury, and Clinical Informatics.

**Residency**: Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation at New York-
Presbyterian Hospital, where she served as chief resident.

**Fellowship**: Pediatric rehabilitation at Columbia Medical
Center/Blythedale Children’s Hospital

Dr. Shoval's [CV](/assets/cv.pdf) is available [here](/assets/cv.pdf)

<div class="container" markdown="1">
<div class="row" markdown="1">

  <div class="col" markdown="1">

[![phone](/assets/img/phone-icon.png){:class="img-responsive"}](tel:9739716505) Call **[973-971-6505](tel:9739716505)** to schedule an appointment!

I am Chief of Pediatric Physiatry (pediatric rehabilitation medicine /
PM&R) for the [Atlantic Health
System](https://www.atlantichealth.org/).

I see patients at [Goryeb Children's Hospital](https://www.atlantichealth.org/locations/hospitals/goryeb-childrens-hospital.html), which is co-located with 
[Morristown Medical Center](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//morristown+medical+center/data=!4m6!4m5!1m1!4e2!1m2!1m1!1s0x89c3a69b3e3b5bdf:0x5edce84ac07d4a42?sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiPyuG0g7X1AhVSjokEHcVeDZcQ9Rd6BAgzEAU).

</div>
  <div class="col" markdown="1">
  
[![phone](/assets/img/phone-icon.png){:class="img-responsive"}](tel:9739716505) ¡Llame al **[973-971-6505](tel:9739716505)** para programar una cita!

Soy Jefe de Fisiatría Pediátrica del [Atlantic Health System](https://www.atlantichealth.org/).

Veré pacientes en el [Hospital Infantil Goryeb](https://www.atlantichealth.org/locations/hospitals/goryeb-childrens-hospital.html)/ [Centro Médico Morristown](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//morristown+medical+center/data=!4m6!4m5!1m1!4e2!1m2!1m1!1s0x89c3a69b3e3b5bdf:0x5edce84ac07d4a42?sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiPyuG0g7X1AhVSjokEHcVeDZcQ9Rd6BAgzEAU).


</div>
</div>
</div>

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3020.8321397408095!2d-74.47005204920306!3d40.7877043408164!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89c3a69c7ae7aa01%3A0x8d8a3f1d105cd1bf!2s55%20Madison%20Ave%2C%20Morristown%2C%20NJ%2007960!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1646257554372!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>


